let the sitä
Verb YouTuber
Museum major
May Lord Christ the Lord eternal,
bring to them the flesh of man.
May our memory to that which
came to conquer man's life span.
Truly pray,
this blessed day,
give it away,
our heavenly day.
Praise Jesus in his person,
great as law and great as man,
bright as mountains and beauty,
God is strong in heaven's plan.
Praise the King, praise his King,
we will serve with faith all year.
Hail, Christ, our Lord,
hail, Christ, our Lord,
hail, our Lord,
Praise the Lord, our Lord,
Hail, our Lord,
hail, our Lord,
hail, our Lord.
Hail, our Lord,
hail, our Lord,
I pray.
Send the comfort and to teach me,
Guide me, help me in my way.
Send for ever my God,
Far from me in the rest life.
Precious, kind, and kind and strong,
Make your faith me into light.
Thou hast turned me,
I did pray thee,
By thy never-saw before.
Now my soul in joy awaiting,
Grows in fearful gloom no more.
All the years my soul be bearing,
Say what God has done for me.
Help me now when others share it,
Christ's salvation, whole and free.
All the years my soul be bearing,
Say what God has done for me.
Help me now when others share it,
Christ's salvation, whole and free.
The Rock is the land,
A wondrous sky,
My home is the shore,
A falling moon.
The water is all the air,
And I draw the path,
The field of the land,
The land of God in love.
For this and for that day,
For all I live,
As far as ever I go,
O what I do,
I pray unto the Lord,
And pray with me again,
Thou knowest who to rule,
For God, O Lord.
I know in the sky,
Where I'm all I want,
And I'll be the light,
By the golden sun.
O Lord, I pray unto the Lord,
And pray with me again,
Thou knowest who to rule,
For God, O Lord.
In the ground of heaven,
O in Thy kingdom come.
As the truly mortal
Comes the judgment day,
In the light eternal,
It shall melt away.
I meet Thy shadow
In the dreadful place,
While the saints we echo,
Come, let it thy praise.
I meet Thy shadow
In the dreadful place,
While the saints we echo,
Come, let it thy praise.
O Lord, I pray unto the Lord,
And pray with me again,
Thou knowest who to rule,
For God, O Lord.
I love this time,
Here come all dreams.
O Lord, I pray unto the Lord,
And pray with me again,
Thou knowest who to rule,
While the saints we echo,
Come, let it thy praise.
O Lord, I pray unto the Lord,
And pray with me again,
Thou knowest who to rule,
While the saints we echo,
For God, O Lord.
I have love in every breast,
Then shall we know,
And taste and feel,
The joys that cannot be expressed.
Come, fill our hearts
With Him and pray,
Make our engorged souls
Loathe us,
And learn the light
That breath and wave,
Of thy eternal love and praise.
Sing ye through the countless years,
The singers we hear shall hear,
Of thy everlasting gentle hand,
Who has our love upon the tree.
With our dead King,
With our dead King.
Where I lie in death I come,
On every voice I find,
And in the heaven I rest,
With our dead King,
With our dead King.
Thanks be to our Father,
whom なき scary skills,
whose creamtening
brings marches of peace,
O leitit, adoboja,
Sanai, sanai, sanai,
Ion!
Cane, cane, pan, lani, pani,
Cane, cane, lus, tu, ilo,
ligno, tamben rinni nam'i,
Under the mighty fount of nature,
T ambem k'levoi oaren.
The well of our fatherland that they used to sow.
Prisonerna som profoundabbia
Sanai, sanai, sanai, jod
Amu le vojod o pojad
Amu lajan i ramon
O le viti mando pojad
Sanai, sanai, sanai, jod
Amu le vojod o pojad
O love, and it must bring a joy
And give it song and light
Our wonder, Lord, each day we song
And the God, my King, let us adore
A lian o' light sir Yaam
A lian e卿
Sie leiden ruhig und ruhig von dir.
Amen! Amen!
Amen! Amen! Amen!
In her hand is sleep our love might, Give, and children learn thy will.
May her home set thy own dwelling, Cheer in them from their grief.
Be our strength, light and day, Make our homes thy own, we pray.
From divine all odds excelling, Joy of heaven to earth come down.
Kiss in us thy humble dwelling, All thy faithful mercies crown.
Jesus thou our God of passion, Pure our love with love of heart.
Kiss in us with thy salvation, Enter every longing heart.
Kiss in us thy humble dwelling, All thy faithful mercies crown.
We are by your hand.
Take me as I am, O Savior, Whether I can ever be.
How alone canst bring me nearer, Self-across before the King.
I can never, I can never, I can never, I can never, I can never,
Far within thy wounds we stay, Far within thy wounds we stay.
Outreast love, love, in Christ our God, More than love further to be.
Outreast love, love, strong of haste, And miracles too bound to be.
O remind me, O remind me, With the grace of Calvary,
With the grace of Calvary.
After Jesse, Peter, and Louis, In the unbound border plain,
At Edea, Caracalos, World is treated with the plain.
Under the blue sky, Under the blue sky,
Where thy living is undone, Where thy living is undone.
Ride and coys in holy valley, Ride in our love evermore.
Ride and coys in our love also, Where we may live in our love.
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
O remind me, O remind me, With the grace of Calvary,
With the grace of Calvary.
To the holy land of Calvary, Where the holy land is,
To the holy land of Calvary, Where the holy land is.
O remind me, O remind me, With the grace of Calvary,
With the grace of Calvary.
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
Our immortal Savior, here,
To the holy land of Calvary, Where the holy land is.
Hallelujah, hallelujah!
Amen to the Lord, amen to the Lord.
Ride me, O thou great Jehovah,
Pilgrim through this barren land.
I am weak, but thou art mighty,
Hold me with thy powerful hand.
Strong deliver, strong deliver,
Be thou still my strength and shield.
Open now the crystal fountain,
West the healing stream to go.
Let the fiery county pillar
Lead me on my journey through.
Bread of heaven, bread of heaven,
Make me now and ever more.
When I tread the verge of joy and
In my anxious fears unsigned,
Bearing through the swelling current,
Let me sing of pain and sigh.
Songs of praise and songs of praise,
I will ever give to thee.
Wander me from good-giving land.
Songs of praise and songs of praise,
I will ever give to thee.
Thank you for watching!